# SDLC

How do I interpret user needs and implement them into a program? How does creating “user stories” help with this?
I listen to the stakeholders who have sought out a new application and listen to them and their desires. Then ask questions to make sure I understand their perspective and thinking. I then ask to meet with end-users and see what they expect from the software they would use and how they interact with it. After hearing these things, I can begin to develop user stories based on my observations. These allow the development team to really get the thinking and expectations down. 

How do I approach developing programs? What agile processes do I hope to incorporate into my future development work?
I love to get my hands on it and work hard. But I know that if that was my approach, it would be disastrous. Instead I slow down, make sure I really understand all of the requirements, how its suppose to feel, who uses is, how it will be implemented, how I will make it secure, and then I can start working on the writing of the software. I really hope I get to use all features of Agile, but the one I most look forward to is the freedom to be creative and innovative. I also look forward to concurrent testing and even trying Test Driven Development (TDD). 

What does it mean to be a good team member in software development?
I believe it means to cover for each other. Not that we do others’ work all the time, nor lie for them, rather I mean that if someone is sick or on vacation, we don’t leave their work sitting waiting for them. We are a team and all work together to accomplish a goal and would work on whatever they were assigned, should we be able to make the time to do so. We do not call each other out or claim their ideas are bad, but rather work as a team to come to the best conclusion. Maybe their first idea was not a winner, but an iteration of that idea might be just what the team or project needed for its completion. And it does not mean we build any piece of software that we are not proud of. We do not ship inferior products and place responsibility onto another department. We make sure that what is built is of the highest quality we are capable of. 
